Fix/2434/no-calculations-of-suspicious-metrics-when-experimental-mode-disabled (#2471)
MaibornWolff/codecharta: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed 🐞

> -   Fix unwanted calculations of suspicious metrics when experimental features are disabled ([#2434](https://github.com/MaibornWolff/codecharta/issues/2434))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Fix unwanted calculations of suspicious metrics when experimental features are disabled ([#2471](https://github.com/MaibornWolff/codecharta/pull/2471))
```
